Add Certified and Validated Content (AAP-5046a) (#801)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/titles/hub/configuring-private-hub-rh-certified/master.adoc

:imagesdir: images
= Managing Red Hat Ansible Content Collections and Ansible Galaxy collections in automation hub
:numbered:
:experimental:

include::attributes/attributes.adoc[]

Included with a subscription to {PlatformName}, {CertifiedColl} feature {CertifiedName} and {Valid}. 

> Using {HubNameMain}, your organization can access and curate a unique set of collections from all forms of Ansible content. 

Reviewer: I created a google doc to see the whole doc better. If anything, you could look at the intro here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10sSlHpsk6Vj-IS3GIouUYrfDAnZWdhtY/edit#

Suggestion for first paragraph from google doc: 

{CertifiedColl} is included in your subscription to {PlatformName}. {CertifiedColl} includes two types of content: {CertifiedName} and {Valid}.

Not sure if "content" is the right word. Is it collections?

You can also synchronize {HubNameMain} to create a custom list of collections from either {CertifiedCon}, {valid}, or {Galaxy} community content. 

At present, Ansible validated collections are only available in your {PrivateHubName} {Valid} as part of the Platform Installer.

> When you download the bundled installer by default Validated Content is pre-populated into the {PrivateHubName}, if the {PrivateHubName} is enabled as part of the inventory.

Reviewer 2: I think a comma should be added before "by default".

When you download the bundled installer, by default ...

> When you download the bundled installer, by default Validated Content is pre-populated into the {PrivateHubName}, if the {PrivateHubName} is enabled as part of the inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you download the bundled installer, Validated Content is pre-populated into the {PrivateHubName} by default, but only if you enabled the {PrivateHubName} as part of the inventory.
```

> These collections can be updated manually by downloading their packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update these collections manually by downloading their packages.
```

include::aap-common/making-open-source-more-inclusive.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::hub/assembly-synclists.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::hub/assembly-syncing-to-cloud-repo.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::hub/assembly-private-automation-hub.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::hub/assembly-collections-and-content-signing-in-pah.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::hub/assembly-faq.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::hub/assembly-validated-content.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Conclusion

> When you complete all of the previous procedures, you will have:

Reviewer: I don't see conclusions very often. I wonder if this list should come at the beginning in the abstract/short description before the first procedure.
